I've just made it very clear
The land has been sold to the Liang family
You didn't ask me for it.
Somebody kick you out
Don't move, don't move my sister.
Let go of me and sell
Mr. Yang
We Feng Shui people have to pay attention to everything
Let it be
This man is out of order
If things don't work, things will fail.
If you still want your ancestors to go smoothly
Enter this Overlord Crab Nail Cave
Best.
Let's ask this young man's permission.
Let him go
Young man, this land is indeed our maiden home
I bought it from this girl
The procedures are all there.
How can you prove to me that this is your home?
This cemetery used to belong to our family
I don't believe you
You can ask around to see if it is
How dare you ask me how to prove it?
Xiaotao, what the hell is going on?
Let me handle it.
Yang
People tell you
We have to get this cemetery today
I heard Minmin say
Your early father is buried here
For the sake of your family
We'll dig later
I allow you to take your father's ashes away
Is that interesting enough?
Shit, you dare to touch my father, try it
Okay, give you a chance, you don't know how to cherish it.
Then don't blame me for being rude
Tell you not to say your dad is dead
It's ashes now
Even if your dad doesn't die
I can also turn him into ashes for Yang
Go to hell
Let's go
Hit
This is fucking beating me
I see you are impatient